---
title: "TLC Meeting - April 13, 2022"
linkTitle: "TLC - April 13, 2022"
date: 2022-04-13
---

Meetings are happening on the `#selenium-tlc` channel on [Selenium Slack](https://selenium.dev/support).

## Agenda
* Ticket Status 
  * 99 open Issues 
  * 19 outstanding PRs 
* Release Process Status 
* Chrome Version Support Status (Chrome 101 released 4/26) â€” do we need a better patch release process? 
* PLC Updates from last meeting 
* Tagging patch releases 
* Selenium 4.2 Requirements 
* Selenium 4.3 Plans


***

### Tickets
Noted that quite a few outstanding Python PRs and need to make sure they get evaluated in a timely manner.
Especially including a Wheel Input bug (PR #10463). Suggested that [SinghHrmn][] from Browser Stack might assist. 

### Release Process status
[harsha509][] fixed the JavaScript documentation.
Everything is addressed except for .NET. [titusfortner][] is going to work with [jimevans][] to update this.

### Chrome Support
Only Ruby has released support for v100. Everything else needs a patch release, which means making sure the 
CI is passing. Java has some issues with new Firefox settings in beta/nightly. Plan is to do Python & JS releases.
Discussed option for releasing the Java DevTools jar independently, but too difficult. 

### Tagging Patches
It is difficult to know which commits have been released and which haven't. Agreed to start doing patch releases
in the format `selenium-4.x.y-lang`

### PLC Update
Per governance docs, TLC should get monthly updates from PLC.
* Need to plan a leadership meeting, ideally in person, but should plan something virtually in meantime. [diemol][] volunteered to plan this
* Proposal to open PLC meetings to anyone, but not passed
* Plausible analytics subscription for website in progress
* India Virtual Conference has been announced
* Chicago Conference needs to happen in October or project loses deposit
* Igalia contract for Safari needs update from TLC
* Adding new PLC members (Needs consensus vote from TLC/Committers)

### Selenium 4.2
It was determined that the Virtual Authenticator work is not a roadblock for Selenium 4.2
Still waiting on [titusfortner][] to do the blog post.

### Selenium 4.3
On the agenda for future consideration, was not discussed in meeting.

[titusfortner]: https://github.com/titusfortner/
[pujagani]: https://github.com/pujagani/
[SinghHrmn]: https://github.com/SinghHrmn/
[harsha509]: https://github.com/harsha509/
[jimevans]: https://github.com/jimevans/
[diemol]: https://github.com/diemol/
